Would give it five stars but was not as advertised 
Did not come with charger or power adapter 
Like it shows on the photo,item was in good condition
Perfect the only thing that didn’t liked was the cable and the charger wasn’t the original and did not came with the pen as promised but was none scratched at all
Arrived earlier than expected and is working good! Charger was included.
Over all this was a great purchase. I am completely satisfied with my iPad. Everything is as it was advertised and works very good.
Beautiful iPad, no scratches or marks. Runs great, has good charge, and my son loves it!!!
My daughter absolutely love this iPad. Even though it was refurbish, everyone thinks it’s the newest generation. This is her favorite bday gift.
iPad had the charger with box but iPad had sticker + glue residue on back. Charger was dirty . Looks like someone just switched their charger . 
Besides that tablet works fine . No scratches or marks. 

If it wasn’t for the left over residue it would’ve got 5 stars bc this one actually came with a charger box compare to the other iPad I bought with this one that only came with the charger wire
The iPad was delivered quickly and is exactly as described. My daughter absolutely loves it
I knew the ipad would come with scratches, since it is refurbished. But I was unaware it would come with dents and screen damage. There is a ring around the screen and lines in the screen show when watching videos. I also don’t think the screen is a genuine Apple screen. It seems very low quality and the quality of the camera is also very low. This feels more like an android tablet than an Ipad
This one came with bubble wrap and nicely put with a charger but no power box & the box it came with wasn’t sealed . Besides that iPad came with no scratches or cracks and works .

I got 2 refurbished iPads and this one was better then the other . The other had the charger with box but was not cleaned correctly. It had some sticker + glue residue on back. Charger was dirty . iPad works fine tho . Will update review in a month
I have been wanting an iPad. They were having a good sale so glad I got the alert through the app. Couldn’t wait to open it. I love it. I use it daily, would definitely recommend.
I've never bought a refurbished item before, so I was a little hesitant; however, the price was reasonable, and I decided to go for it. It arrived fine—no scratches or marks. It works as any ole' iPad except it takes a long time to charge. Not sure if it's because it's an older generation or if it's because it's refurbished. Despite that being a smidge annoying, it's nothing I can't deal with. I just know to charge it well in advance if I need it at full battery for the day (:
Purchased this as a gift for a family member. Great deal and the iPad was in perfect working condition. I've purchased several refurbished items from Best Buy and will continue to do so!
The ipad is in perfect condition. There is not any blemishes in the cosmetic appearance.  Works flawlessly
While we were excited to get this Tablet (Refurbished) there is some disappointment. It was a Holiday Gift and it was not available in new condition for delivery prior to Christmas. The Unit functions quite well but it did not come with a user guide or a box. To be clear no complaints about the actual tablet but I don't know if I would buy a refurb again unless it was for myself
Came in an excellent review my boyfriend loved it. There a few scratches on the back and it chipped at the top but not noticeable with the case on. The charger that came with it is a Best Buy brand.
Works like new, no issues and worth the price.. my Mom loves it.
Ipad was in very good condition. I'm not tech savvy so I got locked out of the Pad. Geek Squad got me back in
Got the ipad for my daughter, she loves it. Quickly realised storage space is not that much. Its crazy that apple and retailers sell ipads and such with 32GB or less storage. I know its cheaper but dont they make enough money. Overall great ipad!
Beautiful fully functional iPad for penny’s on the dollar! Great customer service…I highly recommend!
10 out of 10!
Came in great shape, my 4th iPad from BB and will keep buying from them!
Seems to be working, though I haven't used it too much yet. It did not come with a charger block, but that was rectified by my local store.
Product exactly like advertised. No issues so far except the 50 character minimum in this review
Good stuff.   iPad is just like new.  Skeptical at first, but it’s great
Came in good shape, no scratches or anything.  Charger was included.  Working as expected so far.
The device exceeded my expectations with its like-new condition and reliable performance. The gold finish adds a touch of elegance, and the 32GB storage provides ample space for apps and files. Considering the cost savings of a certified refurb, it's a fantastic value without compromising on quality. Highly recommended for anyone seeking a budget-friendly yet high-quality iPad experience.
It’s kinda scratched up but I guess that’s cuz it’s refurbished? Besides that, it’s great.
I received the product in perfect condition and functional
I love it dropped it like twice but no problem at all took long to update and everything but other than that perfect
It’s Great don’t have good memory , also it freezes every now and then but it’s a ok product.
The geek squad member was gery knowledgeable and solved my issue immediately
Great condition!! I’m giving it as a christmas present and i can’t wait to see my sister’s reaction!!!
Made this iPad purchase for my daughter. She loves it. Great first electronic device. Chose this over a cell phone because she uses this for school.
I really enjoy this device. I have had no problems whatsoever with it and it works so well.
Honestly for the past 2 months I've had it, I've come across no issues. The biggest issue I had was, it was very poorly packaged and they gave the wrong charger (they gave a USB-C when I needed lightning) but, other than that, it works wonderfully and I would heavily recommend if you don't mind buying another charger.
iPad works great. It came with a few dents on the back and the screen was chipped a bit at the top but nothing too major. The Touch ID doesn’t work very well so I’m not really able to use it. Not a big deal. Everything else works perfect.
Excellent price.. excellent product.  Happy to add another iPad for occasional use. No problems sharing
This works wonderfully.  I am very pleased with the quality of this refurbished iPad.  Loved the price.
I’m satisfied only thing didn’t come with a charger.
As our kids get older and claim more of our electronic devices, getting a solid product at this price is well worth it!  Might grab an extra couple of them before this deal is gone!
Works great. Love it for school and play.  I would have never known it was previously used
Works great. Pleasantly surprised with spied and appearance.
My only issue was delivery came in with a sticker attached showing it had been in store since March and that sticker would not come off it was stuck on the back
We bought these for out children at a pretty good sale price and they are loving them, they came in excellent condition and were packaged well.
Arrived earlier than scheduled, clean and I love it
Shipped fast and properly packaged. Works great and is perfect for my needs.
Excelent product i have by six months and work excellent.
I've never owned an apple product, but a co-worker recommended that I get this for my school work. I've quickly learned to love this thing, as it does so many intuitive things. For example, I can write with the apple pen in any text box and it almost impeccably translates my handwriting into text. I love how thin and light it is. My only complaint is that the battery goes dead a bit faster than I would expect, but as it's a refurbished, I can't complain too much.
Nice product,Works very well you should buy this item.
Looks good ,works great
  Great battery life.  Light weight
Efficient and fast delivery. Easy to purchase online
Not happy from the time I opened it. It was not in a box it had one sheet of bubbles wrap on it, the p charger came dirty and this is before k even tried yo use it
For a refurbished item I’m so glad it’s working well!
Very good purchase, product was working perfectly.
It was a gift for my son and he loves it you can download and the battery last a good while
I got it for my mom as a surprise first and she loved it
For surfing the web and streaming, this is awesome. Taking pictures, not so much.  Had some issues with rebooting randomly but that has stopped recently. Overall decent price
Bought this 8th generation iPad at Best Buy, when I got  it and took it out of the box, looked brand new, and it works just like a new one, very happy with my purchase
Great refurbished I pad my daughter lives it
Does everything she needs
I got this tablet for my mother and she absolutely loves it. She had an android before this and she said this tablet is hands-down the best one she’s ever had.
Absolutely great condition highly recommend ordering refurbished if you are on a budget.
love this ipad! I had a couple in the past, but never used them like I use this one!!
Great product, no issues so far. My daughter loves it and easily navigates.
Excellent condition, I would buy it 100 times over. Best Buy has the best products
When ordering this I expected it to maybe have some fine scratches or swirls but when it arrived it came just wrapped in bubble wrap. As soon as I started to open I noticed it was heavily scratched with fine scratches everywhere then I noticed there was an actual crack in the corner. I returned it and exchanged it in store for a brand new iPad 9th gen that was on sale. I wouldn’t personally order refurbished again but I got a great deal on the 9th gen and I have been happy with that one.
I use it for my tattooing work! It came perfectly. And charged! It was a great decision.
Great product for my grandson. He loves it. He plays every game possible.
Got a great buy on a floor sample but still looks outstanding.  My son loves it.
Product arrived just as promised. It fits the bill!
Awesome this was a great deal & im very happy about it
Great iPad totally recommend very good price fast shipping
Love it. Works perfect for what I need it for.  I use it for work.
Great purchase! You made this a wonderful experience.
Bright screen with vivid colors.  Quick response.  Very easy and quick to setup and start using right out of the box.  Refurbished - with the exception of not having original packaging, it appears to be brand new.
Love this! Used to have a iPad mini, very happy with my upgrade!
Easy to get thru and set up account for help if needed
I bought this iPad for my 11 year old daughter to "doodle" on. She loves it! I love that I got a great product for a great price!
Arrived in great like new Quality. And was Delivered as scheduled.
I got this for work and it’s great! Works with apple pen
It is very light and easy to transfer all the data from my old iPad to the new one.
Love the color of this IPad.  This one works great for what I need.
Bought refurbished for my daughter. sometimes does not charge but still reliable enough
Tablet is great for my 7 year old son. My son is very satisfied.
Great value feels like new the best money can buy!
Have not had a new iPad since the early 2000s. I am so glad I upgraded.
We are a Samsung Family but, my daughter wanted this for school.  She does use it heavily.
It works fine, Only issue is, it arrived with not being able to charge. I thought maybe the charger that it came with didn’t work, but I tried other chargers.
This product start glitching after a month of purchasing it. I was so excited my son will have his first Apple iPad. Unfortunately this was a disappointment. Some features doesn’t even work properly.
Works perfect! Can’t tell it’s refurbished at all and looks brand new!
Don’t recommend. It doesn’t turn back on once the battery drains. I’ve had it 4 months maybe.
Having trouble with it sometimes it glitches and freezes.
Received ipad, hige scratch on screen. Not even going to return, just done with best buy.
Item does not work will not hold charge this item will be returned to store for refund or better product
The tablet is refurbished, but still had an account and password set up, so we cannot use it.  It was returned.
Works for the most part but I can't recharge my apple pencil with the device though.
The screen had a bunch of dead spots and had to be sent back.
Did not know they were wifi only and would help bc it’s past 15 days exchange
Everything was great from the sale to shipping and the device itself.
The iPad has truly revolutionized my daily routine, seamlessly blending work and leisure in one sleek device. From the moment I unboxed it, I was captivated by its stunning display and intuitive interface. Whether I’m drafting emails, sketching ideas, or binge-watching my favorite shows, the iPad delivers good performance and versatility.
It came in good condition. My son love his ipad. No problem so far
Worked great from scratch! Had no scratches , no problems turning on or making an account .
Great no issues it has been everything I  had expected
Minor scratches no cracks good value pictured was exactly what we received. Came with charger. Seems to be working fine. She loves it. battery life seems to be good she uses it for long periods of the day.
Always great servicd! Staff isnberh knowledgesble and courteous
I only got it a week ago but it has been working great for school which is the only reason I bought it.
Excellent product and very clean . It arrived earlier than anticipated . I will recommend it to anyone.
The iPad is as described and works great so far. The down fall was the shipping / carrier used to deliver it. It was to be delivered on the 25th of May and somehow got delayed until the 30th. I know it was a holiday weekend, but….
Every Reconditioned IPad I have bought at Best Buy came with charger and cord. This Reconditioned IPad came with no charger or cord. I called Best Buy and was told, So! Not every IPad comes with charger and cord! 
I said they always have. He said, “Not anymore!”
Will never buy from Best Buy again, and I have spent thousands of $$$ there, “Not anymore!”
BT Gann
ipad it’s self is decent- i actually got the wrong ipad at first so i had to go back to the original outlet and then got the wrong charger won’t be back will go to apple directly
Very good product working perfectly I will recommend anyone who to buy this product
Does the job my daughter loves it! ♥️
Purchase if you can you won’t regret it!
for a five year old battey life a little quick to go
I actually purchased two of the same tablets the reason I purchased two is because I was so satisfied with the first one that my wife so mean saw the quality so how easy it was to operate and really she got so excited so I had to purchase another so I am always and have always been a very happy with Best Buy products
Speedy delivery.  Very happy with my purchase. Great value
Wish it came with paperwork, this is a Christmas gift
This product has been working well for me. Very satisfied.
The charger was a Samsung. Called for return but we were on vacation when item shipped and past the 15 days. Was told to bad you missed window even though shipping delays pushed to our vacation timeline. This is after spending over 5k on other items for the home. Terrible
