Love my new iPad. The tablet is great and so easy to set up.   I also purchased the protective cover. This was suggested by Best Buy once I added the iPad to my cart.  Awesome process.  Buy had amazing options on their website and checkout and shipping was quick and easy!!  I’ll definitely be a rerun customer.
It was a gift, for someone that’s fighting ovarian cancer
Is very very good i have two years ago I recommend that
I absolutely love this tablet! I never had a tablet before this and I absolutely love it! It can be a lil slow sometimes but nothing big, maybe a few seconds slower than the newer models. Also recent apps still work on it! such as Procreate, Hulu, and other streaming and selling/purchasing services! 
I absolutely love it and recommend, especially to anyone looking for something that'll do the job or in low budget!
Works very well! Glad I made the choice to purchase this tablet, which has a one year warranty.
The great Ipad , highly recommended . my twins are really enjoy with the Ipad .
My IPad came great, the quality was amazing. It charges fast & im satisfied with what came. Thanks
This ipad works great.  It is in very good physical condition, no scratches or dents.  The problem is the battery.  It drains fast and takes a long time to charge.
iPad arrived promptly and was in great condition.  Easy setup from older iPad.
My daughter wanted an iPad for Christmas & my heart just burst knowing I wouldn’t be able to afford  $600. I came across these refurbished iPads and decided to give it a go. When I received it I charged it and set it up just like a brand new iPad. Everything had been just like new so far. Very very very grateful for finding this!!! Thanks Beat Buy you made Christmas wishes come true
Very few downsides to this item. Especially for the price! I have never owned any apple products before purchasing this one, so this was a shot in the dark for me. And boy, did it hit the mark! The ipad is completely finctional, and has perfect sound and video quality. The only downside I could imagine, is that at times, it does lag, but very rarely does it do this. I chop this up to be it's age and not necessarily the hardware of the Ipad. Perfect for artists or those who just like a classic, and comfortable apple product to lounge with!
I love the refurbished IPad!  They are just like new, but a lot less expensive!!  And the customer experience is great with Best Buy. They are very helpful!
The device is great and good condition. There are two scratches on the screen that are small but have a little light refraction. Is this to he expected frim a refurvished condution?
This is such a deal! It makes a great tablet just like the new ones in my opinion. This version is great to use as an AAC device for people that need communication assistance. iPad works with many of the AAC programs that droid tablets will not like TD snap. Makes it more affordable to people that need them!
She loving it be great for the price i’m trying to see what up get ￼ upgrades when needed also can upgrade to the new iPhone 15 ￼
I loved it !!! It was brand new and clean. I will buy more from this place .
It was excellent and works so well! I’m ordering another one!
iPad arrived promptly and was in great condition.  Easy setup from older iPad. Purchased a couple for grandkids at our house.
Got these iPads for Christmas present for my little ones  they work phenomenal and have really good battery to  charges fast
No issues out of this iPad at all, works great for my daughter and she uses it everyday.
Loved it but wish it came in an ipad box so then it looks more professional, idk?
When I got that packaging was really good and there were no rips or damage. The iPad was in good condition when opened and it worked really well. Would purchase again.
Bought this for my 6 year old daughter & she loved it. Definitely recommend & came in “like new” condition.
It’s a great product, no scratched and in good condition
It is a perfect price for an ipad for my son.
works really great
the price is awesome deal
my son was very excited to use the new ipad and has been doing more homeowrk on the ipad
Came in great condition. Received after market charger and plain cardboard box.
My son love it i works really good and i love it too im about order myself one
Writing this review on the iPad right now! Very pleased with the condition, holds battery well for me to take notes during my college classes.
Works great got for a gift for my kids haven’t had any issues and showed up on time
I got this tablet for my son and he loves it!! Would recommend getting and the price was not bad
The IPad was delivered with care. It is great condition.. although older, it seems like it’s brand new!  Easy to use and large enough for older people. Great product!!
works better then my old one was easy to set up and voice is clear
Excellent performance so far!Good choice and highly recommend!
The item was as advertised and was delivered when promised. I have been using this iPad on the average of 8 hours a day and it has been functioning without a hitch. Price point was on the money, suffice to say I am a very happy with my purchase.
Great gift for my daughter and she was very excited about it
This was the best buy for my grand. Working well love it
Love it it’s worth is good thanks best buddy best buy
Bought it for my brother daughter and it works great. Also is good for the price.
It’s refurbished and works fine. Much cheaper than new
I ordered two of these before Xmas.  No new ones were available.

It’s mid-February now, and both of them have failed.  One has minimal battery performance.  It takes too long to charge and doesn’t last but a few hours.  The other one’s screen touch is faulty.  About half of the screen is not responsive to touch.

I tried to talk with online support and they could offer no help but to tell me to go to the store.  It’s outside of the return policy, no warranty at all available or offered.

I think I’m stuck with about $600 worth of iPad turkeys.

I’m going to speak with store today, but they’re not obligated to help me.  Maybe I can find someone who will see the problem and help me, but it would have to be a manager who can make a human choice.
Love my iPad. I use it daily. Doesn’t even look like it’s been used
I bought this Apple iPad as a gift for my grandson, and he loves it . It works perfectly and still going strong, he has no problem and finds it to be useful. I was never a fan of Refurbishing products but this changes my mind giving me confidence that they work just as well as a new item and I absolutely will purchase it again if I find the needs to.
So very happy with this. Didn't have to spend a lot and just like my old one. Could not be more pleased.
Came in great condition and with a charger. The battery lasts long.
Excellent product! I was very satisfied with my purchase. I got this iPad for my mom and she absolutely loves it. I got her this model because it was easy for her to navigate. Definitely recommend, I have not had a single issue.
Very good condition, great present. My father loved it
I bought 2 and one of them is fine and the other, is horrible. Battery life is BADD gets hot and  takes forever to charge! You only get 15 days to return it too i got 4 days left. Can’t believe best buy allows to sell faulty products at that price!
Takes a little while to charge, other than that little issue it works great!
Very happy with this ipad! My son loves it! Has a great picture battery life coukd be a little better. But overall happy!
Works great and looks brand new. Perfect for our use
Good quality 
Easy to setup
It was worth the money I paid for 
Almost looks brand new
I bought this for my 4year old daughter. She loves it and I love it for her. She enjoys watching learning videos and watching YouTube
Love it!  Looks and acts like brand new. I would recommend
Received the tablet on time, and it was it great condition.
Very pleased with my refurbished iPad thus far. It was packaged well and easy to set up. Thanks for the great price!
Great product at a very reasonable price and quick shipping 10/10
iPad showed up in great condition. No problems or concerns
We purchased this to upgrade our 9 year old (finally) from an amazon kids tablet to something more for an older kod. It works great and he loves it!
Great iPad and worth the price! I couldn’t find new in stock but this was just as good and fast to get.
This tsblet is habing changing problems we need it checking out
Used IPad in surprisingly great condition. So far so good. Definitely makes my 12 year old very happy!
Fantastic. So far Certified Refurbished has worked like new. Best buy I have made in many years.
Bought this for my nephew. Great iPad at a great price! Haven’t had any issues.
Overall great tablet just like new. There was no physical damage shown and the item was delivered on time.
it lacks the memory to use it to full capacity but it works for what i need it fir at work.
Worked as intended. Saved alot of $ ,going with an affordable and earlier generation.
Arrived on time and completely fit the item description. Would definitely buy another. Awesome A+.
I have an 11 year old that received this for Christmas. She loves it, it’s durable. It connects to our Apple family plan so I can use the parental controls on it too. It’s a very good tablet, no issues at all. It’s a great Apple tablet for the price!
My son love this Ipad. Better functionality than the chromebook. Kid friendly, not complicated so better for special needs kiddos.
Best iPad for my baby girl, keeps charge and updated to the latest iOS
Love the size and color! Doesn’t charge very fast or well, but it does the job!
Ipad 7th gen solid machjne.  Very consistent daily.  We ise this machine for evwrything Love it.
Battery life isn’t good at all so that’s very disappointing for me. It was returned before I purchased so I assume that’s why.
Works great! kids love their ipads and the battery life holds up
It’s for my grand daughter. She loved it. It’s just what she was wanting. So she could watch videos.
Great use for myself, at home use was very easy intend of pulling out my computer
Just like new my kids love it. Definitely recommend
Very nice product for the price. Everything worked.
Good Purchase.Excellent color and runs extremely smooth.
I bought this 12/03/22 and it want hold a charge at all ❗️❗️ DO NOT BUY BEST BUY GIVE YOU A 15 day return knowing it’s pose to be a 30 day return ❗️❗️
Works seamlessly like all Apple products.  Easier use for seniors not too computer savvy.
We bought this ipad for our son and he is abloutly enjoying it it has been a great purchase so far.
Works as expected for what we purchased it for.  No visible damage
It was a Christmas gift for my 15 year old. She is constantly using it. It was a great investment.
When I received the items , still working perfectly and kids happy with that
Like new. Works great no issues.  Fast delivery. Would buy again.
Bought this for my great niece and she loves it…..
Perfect size for a school age child. It has good storage to accommodate many learning games. It also charges quickly and maintains the charge for an acceptable time.
My daughter loves this item. She uses it all the time, from drawing to homework and everything else you can think of.
I bought this iPad for my daughter and she is saying that is working fine, she is using it to plays games and watching movies, and will used it for the next school year.
Works great! Bought it for my son. Great battery life, clear, easy to use.
As soon as I realized how and what I can do with this, it's great.
It’s a good tablet for my seven year old son he really enjoys it
Bought this for my daughter and she loves it! She’s learning a lot with educational videos
I'm in love with the ipad the operation of the Sistema is amazing
Works excellent and it is just what my daughter wanted
The iPad works perfect and it's very light and easy to use.
My baby boy is 5 years old and he’s stuck on it he can’t get enough of ABC mouse
Battery life is terrible, dies even when on the charger and even at 100% it’s dead within 45 minutes to an hour.
Works just like new ! Second year I bought used for the kids . Totally satisfied
The product was great. Highly satisfied. Love it!!
Came undamaged and works perfectly and the quality was nice
The IPad is perfect for my son’s needs. Thank you very much.
Tiny view space, doesn't work with apple pencil 2nd generation.
I'm sure this is a great product, but it took almost 2 months to arrive. So, I bought the newest one and returned this one
Clean product, easy to operate, fast operating system
I got it for my son for when we go on trips so he can watch movies or play games
Excellent replacement and works great. The refurbished item functions very well. Very Satisfied.
Absolutely love it. Beautiful resolution and updated to current iOS
Works just like new. It’s a great deal for the older style iPad for my mom.
So happy i got it for half the price and in good condition i love it
Bought this as a gift, my wife loved it. It was to replace her old one.
Excellent and practically brand new! Great gift for a 6 year!
Lasted 85 days. Was kept in PERFECT condition, screen went black. They would not do anything. No coverage. Expensive paperweight. Would NOT recommend and will NOT purchase again. Buyer be ware.
Good responsive tablet my kid loves her birthday/Xmas present.
How can the return period be 12.20.2021 when you purchase the order for a Christmas gift.  It should be extended longer just in case it’s defected.
Gonna be a great surprise for Christmas. When my kids see it they are gonna be overjoyed
Had to return the original one because it was remote managed by a school, no one is checking these before they are sent out, ruined Christmas for my daughter which was awesome, finally got it replaced but that was a process itself,
This iPad stopped working in less than 2 months I don't understand why Best Buy is allowing defective items to be sold on there websites and then after spending 300$ they won't return item that was clearly broken before  I purchased it
Locks up went on vacation and didn’t have time to return it.
