I got my ipad in great condition! No scratches or cracks anywhere. There was only a sticker on the back that was super easy to get off. I was so scared this would be a scam, but its been two days and it works good! It only gets hot when i play roblox, but my phone does that too. I love it sm ! It also came with a fast charger and headpiece that works amazingly. Definitely recommend
this refurbished iPad looks and runs like new. I was a little skeptical buying a refurbished unit thinking it would be scratched and dented, however this was not the case
I recently bought  an iPad Air from Bestbuy and it is awesome and I love it. I have been shopping at Best Buy for many years now and they have never disappointed me. Any questions I may have with my current purchases customer services are here to help with any electronic needs. Geek squad is a bliss with no hesitation when having an issue with a laptop or Flat screens TV etc.. Geek squad are here to help to the rescue, especially when they can come to you for your conveniences. Money back guaranteed is no problem within the guidelines of 15 days upon satisfaction. if not satisfied with the product return the product at no extra cost. Thanks Bestbuy for all that you do to make your customers feel satisfied with their purchases.
Excellent performance and nice design. The iPad A2197 7th Gen has great functionality and a powerful processor. The 10.2" screen has a vibrant display. The 32GB storage capacity provides ample space for apps, photos, and more. The WiFi connectivity ensures seamless internet access. The space grey color adds a nice touch. Overall, a top-notch tablet offering great value for the price.
My iPad came in good condition and came with a charger. The charger is fast and I still use it now. The iPad also came precharged so I was able to set it up. The iPad also runs out charge rarely. It has helped me slot in work, it also updates fast and a real life changing purchase.
The ipad Recieved was in great condition.  Much need for my daily task
I love my IPad, I have no issues with it. It’s like having a brand new one.
It works and we haven’t had any problems. Just an iPad for the kids and works great!
Great purchase. I am so happy with this Apple product.
It took a while to get information from the old iPad onto this one, but it’s working like a brand new one! Perfect for our granddaughter.
Good handling like  new my daughter really loves it and got a Bluey case to go along with it and headphones so she is set to enjoy
CHECK YOUR MODEL. I received this item on March 25th. bought a case today for a 10.2 7th generation and lo and behold, it didn’t fit. I looked at the info for the case to make sure I didn’t grab the wrong size and it was for the 7th gen. I checked the model info on the iPad and yep not what I ordered. I wasted $20 on liquid glass for it and I’m glad I realized when I did because I almost wouldn’t have been able to return it
I love my iPad it came with a charger looks brand new
This refurbished IPad is perfect. Literally no flaws or cracks. Awesome camera quality. Perfect for my 4 year old.
Great product worth my money everything is like brand new
Very happy with my purchase & Best Buy’s customer service
Works great, very happy with my purchase. Everything is as it should be
Good quality and fair pricing for this product! It works great
The ipad literally had fingerprints on the screen and gross sticker residue on the back right out of the box. The battery was at 52% when turned on and within an hour of trying to set up it was down to 7%. The screen also had slihht but visible damage. I genuinely feel like it may have just been wiped of data and then repacked. Lesson learned on these non-manufacturer refurbished items
I bought this product in refurbished condition for my girlfriend and it's worked out great! She didn't need the absolute newest version and won't use the camera function so a slightly older model would fit just fine. 

Everything works like new and the physical condition of the unit was also like new with no noticeable defects or blemishes. The screen is free of scratches or marks and the performance is snappy and responsive. 

Overall, a good purchase. My girlfriend is very happy with her iPad and I was able to save some money on a refurbished, prior model.
After reading previous reviews, I was a bit hesitant to make this purchase. I was also unsure based on the 14-day return policy. I dreaded getting to day 15 and something going wrong but I  really wanted an affordable option and this seemed to be a great deal. I am so glad I took the chance as this iPad is in great condition. It seemed like new with only a light scratch or two. The battery life could be better but this is my first iPad and I am not sure how long the battery should last. I highly recommend getting a case and screen protector to keep your device in good shape.
Came in very good condition, strange is came with different charger and plug in! But overall good quality for refurbished item!
Excelent product, affordable price. Other than the low quality Charger, great iPad.
I was very reluctant to buy a refurbished IPad, but was pleasantly surprised when I received it.  It looks like new and  is working fine so far. I haven't had it long enough to rate the battery life yet.
Good product at good price !! This is the second one I buy !! My Daughter love it is a good side , also convenience to take anywhere . Best Buy have the goods produce at good deal and price,
Great product. Looks in perfect condition for being refurbished. Runs so smoothly. Very happy
This has been working great for the first month. The ipad arrived in excellent condition. No issues with setup. I chose this because we have historically always bought refurbished apple products, but they only had very expensive iPads available and we needed something simple for music/entertainment at home.
Excellent iPad, in great condition, and delivered as promised. I saved a lot of money and will continue to purchase refurbished items from Best Buy.
Received delivery earlier than anticipated. Everything was in good shape, and all is operating well.
Using it as a control panel on a wall mount for all of app controlled stuff.  Not much memory but don't need that for my application.
For an older refurbished iPad it looks brand new .. it was big time out of date software but didnt take long to get it updated .. and works perfectly
Does, well for the price…lags a little on some sitea
The iPad is okay , there was not an accurate description on the device so I was flying blind when it came out purchasing it. When it comes “as is” products , there should be a description about it not just “geek squad certified” . The a decent size dent in the back casing, you can see faint lines in the lcd screen under the glass which means it’ll probably have to be replaced sooner than later as well as the home button. Honestly it should’ve been priced more at $100 and not $199. The charger that was given to me was fine, looked like an actual apple charger but the box can’t be used at the charger is usb and the box is usb-c.
This was my first time buying a refurbished item and I was not disappointed! The iPad was in excellent condition and was delivered quickly.
Great price. I don’t see a reason not to refurbished iPad. Looks and works as good as a new one for cheap.
Nice quality for the price.  I was a little reluctant being that the iPad is refurbished, however, I am pleased with my purchase.
IS GOOD AND RELIABLE FAST AND GOOD SIZE SCREEN I CAN NAVIGATE THE APPS GOOD VALUE GREAT TABLET
Great conditions! no scratches, came with a charger, neat conditions
Great condition. Only one tiny scratch that is BARELY noticeable.  Works perfectly.
Omg this iPad is absolutely amazing great deal came with the best features you could ever want also came with great freebies the service & support on this product from bestbuy is absolutely astonishing overall amazed can't even tell it's a refurbished product looks & works like a brand new iPad I give y'all a 100 Starz if I could
It was perfect for my needs.Bought this for my mother.  She can’t figure out a laptop and the phone is so small.  Wanted her to be able to stream movies and this is perfect.
Was told by my granddaughter needed an IPAd for school.  This was the only way we could afford to get one.  We got 3 months of apple TV and music. 1 year guarantee.  Thanks best buy for assisting with granddaughter education
The iPad was in excellent condition. It was impossible to see that it was refurbished.
The iPad works great and is good as new.  Would definitely purchase again.
These IPads that I bought were refurbished by best buy and were truly “like new.” They came well packaged with new accessories and set up very easily.
Excellent condition feels brand new to me so happy about this purchase!
Bought this for my son refurbished. Works great and I have 0 complaints about it.
Excellent condition works great was nervous ordering  but no complaints here
It is in very good condition and does not have any issues. Had a very good experience buying from best buy.
Excellent product- this is my 4th refurbished iPad I have bought as gifts. They have all been excellent and they come shrink wrapped and in nice boxes with a charger
It works like a dream and my drawings are great i love the user interface very understandable and fun would def recommend
I bought this for my grandson. It was a great price and he loves using it. Best way to go for a child that would like a tablet.
Works amazing! I use this for school all the time!
No scratch’s or dents, looks brand new!
iPad is good, Ipab old but it run good, I will buy again
This iPad is amazing! Bought it for my 3 year old to keep busy on long car rides and such, and it’s just the thing. Needed a case since it’s pretty delicate but other than that it’s perfect!
great for the price.
great service 
great for a gift
Fantastic, good as new. Needed this for work and it’s exactly what I wanted/needwd
I really love it, it looks like new, I think I’m going to buy another one for my kid
Love Apple products! This iPad will be used for our Worship team to show their music charts. We went with the bigger screen for those in the band that have older eyes and need bigger notes. We are currently using 4 of them on Sunday mornings.
Other than a few scratches it was in good shape. would buy again.
No problems with it jus a couple of scratches and the charger doesn’t work
It's wonderful, works great, the battery life is like a new iPad.  It's lighter than my older one.  I'm glad to own this
Came in like new condition. Perfect for what I needed it for!
It has been about two weeks to using it. Works great. No issue as of now.
I got this iPad for my 8 year old daughter it is  super good like brand new .
It works great for a refurbished iPad!  I purchased for the grandkids.. perfect!
I was skeptical buying a refurbished device but this iPad works just as good as new. No cracks, dents, or scratches and the device itself is fast & doesn’t lag. Highly recommend
I purchase this open box iPad and it works great my wife loves it will buy another one again
I received it thinking I might have some issues with it, but no issues. It’s perfect and exceeded my expectations. Will definitely purchase refurbished from Best Buy again.
I did the job I needed it to do for a fraction of the price.
My daughter needed an iPad for college and she is very please with hers
Had it for months now and it’s been working well no complains, you wouldn’t know it is refurbished. Awesome.
The iPad did not come with a charger block. My other one came with everything
Refurbished perfectly.  No issues, clean look, new cord...it's just like new!
This was such a great buy I couldn’t even tell it was refurbished. The screen is such in good shape no dings in the corners. Very pleased
My kids love it!! No scratches no dents.. I’ve have it for awhile and have no problems!
This product itself is great, however it did not come with a charging block. When I called customer support, I would have had to pack up and ship it back. Lots of extra work for a mistake I didn’t make.
Love it.   Excelente excelente love                                 Executed perfectly and the colors are great
Great upgrade from my mom’s original IPad.  It feels much smaller which is great for her.
Outstanding buy for an excellent iPad. Like brand new, no blemishes or visible wear or weaknesses. Highly recommended
Excellent tablet well worth the price and well packaged.
Great condition works well so far seems as though it is brand new
My iPads are working so good so fast, even when the product is refurbished looks like is a brand new product.
They enjoyed it great starter tablet no need to worry about works great
Still learning how to work it. Wasn't shown how to when i visited to set it up with the Geek sqad. My Questions were rushed just a waste of money for a service that you get NO benefit from ....
Excellent buy! My niece was given the ipad for her birthday. She is loving it and so excited. Excellent condition too.
Picked this up for my toddler.  Great quality.  Unit came in packages that ensured it would not be damaged in transit.  Best Buy packaged the open box with a new Power supply and charging cable.  Would definitly recommend
Ia always good to buy  items from BestBuy  is good product  and is simple transaction
So far so good! Works fine. Looks brand new! Fast shipping!
Extremely good product haven’t had any problems, thankfully.
Great! my daughter love it’s it and uses it for everything
Fast shipping. Product in great condition. Easy to set up and my daughter has had no problems with it.
good price for a used ipad of a lower generation version
Very practical and useful creative tool. Shipping was delayed, but product was nice once it arrived.
We bought this to replace our ancient iPad. The refurbished one works great and looks just like new! It’s exactly what we needed.
The new iPad 7th generation worKs better than the one I had 6th generation.
My six-year-old daughter loves her I also Watch Netflix The sound quality is great
Works great so far haven’t had any problems. No scratches or anything
Looks like new and works great. I’d buy again when I can.
This product was practically brand new. I would highly recommend this product for anyone looking to buy a table for their kids!
I bought this for a birthday gift. So far so good. She is very happy to have gotten an Ipad on her 1st teen birthday.
Get deal on a practically new ipad. Boots up Super fast.
Good for now. I got this for my husband for his business. He is new to apple. It looks & performs like new
I love it!                                                       Be.
Perfect tablet for my little one. Looks like new! No blemishes at all.
It came just like new.  Was concerned about being refurbished, but I didn't even notice.
My daughter love it now she don’t ask for my phone in the tablet she can play whatever she wants
Good and the kids love it. It’s working great and good
No issues, happy with purchase. In store was a good experience and works like new
Good . Thanks for Apple products. We love it and buy more .
It’s a fun and convenient device when you want a screen bigger than your cell phone but don’t need a laptop. The screen and battery lack durability, and will need replacing, especially if the primary user is a child. The overall experience is positive, just note to treat with care and buy a case, just like you would for a cell phone. I’ve owned several of this model and older kids will get more mileage than younger.
The refurbished iPad that I purchased from Best Buy arrived sooner than promised and it was very easy to set it.
Only had it for a short time and it doesn’t want to turn on. Best Buy can’t even help with getting it replaced because it’s “refurbished”. Why sell products that are going to break down.
Received wrong charger with my order, for the price of refurbished item should at least come with correct charger. Have as gift to only hear she can’t charge it.
As expected, works and charges normal. There’s a few very very minor things but nothing you wouldn’t expect from a used iPad .
Like new. Always trust Best Buy with refurbished or open box items and it pays off
Purchased this just to have a bigger screen that my iPhone doesn’t have.
Works very well, no disappointments so far. Just a teeny scratch on screen but it’s refurbished and like new so no complaints.
Very happy, as usually, will continue to purchase from Best Buy, simply the best!
it pretty good. the battery life last long as well.
